Keeping our culture alive and healthy is one of our prime focuses here at Zappos.

Increasing engagement and evolving new ways to communicate is a way to support our culture.

The challenge of the current health climate, remote offices, and working from home has put a greater emphasis of being more efficient in how we communicate.

So when it comes to buying, selling, or giving away our personal items to other Zapponians, turning unwanted items into someone else’s treasure, there needs to be a better way to connect with one another.

Enter, Yardz!  A personal marketplace strictly from Zapponians, to Zapponians.  Whether you are selling or giving away your favorite chair, or you are on the hunt for your next pair of Air Jordan’s, Yardz is here to help you to explore, find, and connect!

Let’s take a brief look at how to use Yardz from the explorer perspective, finding items and communicating with someone.

When first entering the Yardz webpage, the user, in this case named “Smokey” is greeted and welcomed into the neighborhood map view.  Everyone’s Yardz is on display and its just a matter of finding a Yard to look through.

In this case, we want to visit Ruby’s yard.  So it all takes a quick mouse-over on his profile pic to confirm, a click, and you are now viewing what Ruby has on display on his yard!

His items for sale are easy to navigate through with the collage grid of images, ready to browse.  Smokey is really into collecting Funko Pops these days so we’re going to click on The Flash Pop.

Here we are now looking at Ruby’s posting for his beloved Flash Pop.  He’s ready to let go of it and since he’s selling to a fellow Zapponian, at a very friendly price!

With the title and description at the top of the page, and a series of detailed images to explore, it is everything we need to determine this is a great item to buy.

Instead of having to e-mail Ruby and hope it doesn’t get buried in his inbox full of important work messages, we can see that there is a very convenient threaded conversation board to communicate with him and other users!  There is a lot of interest in this particular item that Ruby can thankfully manage all in one place.

And with our need to socially distance, or for remote offices, a handy dandy shipping label request feature is right there on the page.

At the top of the page, here is where our other tools for finding items are located.  We can browse by the latest items feed, where all the items from everyone’s yards are collected sorted by newest added.  We can also search for an item by keyword, in this case, for more Funko Pops.  Or a collection of favorite items we’ve marked to save for later.

This gives anybody looking for an item a ton of ways to find what they are looking for or to just cruise the neighborhood and browse the yardz!

Offering items up for sale or to be given away is also just as fun and easy with lots of features to keep your offerings organized.  There is an internal private messaging system to directly contact interested individuals, keeping your personal stuff separate from your work stuff.  A profile page gives you the opportunity to keep your information updated to share with other users.

One of the most awesome things about Zappos is truly our fellow Zapponians.  We work hard together, we share interests, we put our trust in one another.  Finding someone who can solve our problem, even if it’s just about adding a Flash Funko Pop to our collection, is at the heart of what Yardz is all about.  Improving the way we communicate, whether about work or our personal things, increases the very thing we need these days and always:  Staying connected!
